Now the second test we are going to do is exploration test.
Now this is very simple.
We are going to leave our user on the front page of the first screen of our app and let them explore
the app the website.
And we are while did do that.
We are going to record their screen their emotions and see actually what actually they are doing on
our screen or the website.
Now I'm going to give you a very useful tip here.
If yours user asks you what this button does never answer this question instead answer this question
with another question which is what do you think it should do.
So this is going to help you become a better usability tester or usability analysis guy.
So this is actually very important.
Now why actually we are doing exploration test.
We are actually testing the many users mental model.
We are going to see which parts our of our product are most attracted to our users.
What are the first steps they are going to take.
Vedder they are going to click on subscription or whether they are good.
They are going to go over the downloading a PDA for that.
They are going to contact us or things like that.
What are the first things they are going to look at.
By that they are looking for some return policy or things like that.
So this is actually first time usage exploration test.
We are going to test out users that what are the things that they are testing or checking on our Web
sites.
Second most important thing is that emotional response whether they were showing interest in our product
whether they were and they did you feel that they were ease at ease during exploration they were not
frustrated.
So that is all about exploration tests.
If you have any questions do ask me.
Let's move on to the next lesson.